doc: Add MikroTik LtAP gateway (#178)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/gateways/mikrotik-ltap/_index.md

```
system routerboard usb set type=mini-PCIe
```
{{</ note >}}

{{< note >}}
The Gateway ID you see here is the Gateway EUI you need to register the gateway in The Things Stack.
{{</ note >}}

From the top menu, select the **Servers** Tab and press the **Add New** button.

![MikroTik-server](servers.png)

Edit the server parameters.

- **Name**: A distinct name 
- **Address**: Address of the Gateway Server. If you followed the [Getting Started guide]({{< ref "/getting-started" >}}) this is the same as what you use instead of `thethings.example.com`.
- **Up port**: UDP upstream port of the Gateway Server, typically `1700`.
- **Down port**: UDP downstream port of the Gateway Server, typically `1700`.

Press **OK** to save the parameters.

![MikroTik-paramters](parameters.png)

From the top menu, select the **Devices Tab**. Click the **Gateway ID** to configure it.

![MikroTik-Devices](portal-lora-disable.png)

In the device settings, click the **Network Servers Dropdown** to view available servers. Choose the server you just created.

Select **Public** for the Network.

Click **OK** to save the parameters.

> Press the **E** to enable the gateway device. It will become a **D** and the device status will update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press the **E** button to enable the gateway device (it is enabled when **E** becomes **D**) and the device status will update.
```
